Adding documentation (#114)
VROOM-Project/pyvroom: docs/documentation.rst

=============
Documentation
=============

Pyvroom tries to align its functionality close to `VROOM
<https://github.com/VROOM-Project/vroom>`_. Please see `VROOM API documentation
<https://github.com/VROOM-Project/vroom/blob/master/docs/API.md>`_ for an
overview of what VROOM is capable of.

> For pragnatic reasons tiny differences might exists here and there. For that

Reviewer: Typo "pragmatic", "might exist"

Author: ```suggestion
For pragmatic reasons tiny differences might exist here and there. For that
```
